Rephrase non-goal 4 (Action #336) (#341)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: guidelines/goals.md

 4. A specification for resolving translations at runtime, including
    interpolated data types and runtime errors.

 5. A conformance test suite for parsing and formatting messages sufficient to
    ensure implementations can validate conformance to the specification(s) provided.

>  6. Ensure that there are at least two interoperable independent implementations
>     compliant with the conformance test suite in order to demonstrate that the 
>     specification(s) are pratical and meet requirements.

Reviewer: This phrasing doesn't quite match the other deliverables; "ensure" doesn't present a concrete thing that we're delivering. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
 6. A determination that there are at least two interoperable independent implementations
    compliant with the conformance test suite in order to demonstrate that the 
    specification(s) are practical and meet requirements.
```

Author: Done.

    a grammatically-correct fashion. Instead, allow interfacing with such
    automatic and non-automatic engines from within the data model.

 ~~4. Create optimized and efficient _implementations of the standard_.  Instead,
    create specifications, compliance test suites, recommendations and good

>     practices to support implementors.~~

Author: Done
